README.md, before:

Auto-builder for a functional Ubuntu LuksSuspend-to-RAM method.

## Caveats
- Works as-written with XFS and BTRFS
- ext2, ext3, and ext4 filesystems must use the 'NOBARRIER' options
- Active sessions on vty1-6 will cause the suspend to fail. The script accounts for that by killing all PIDs on VTYs.
- The default options will create, write to, and chroot to /boot/suspend.

## Usage
- Run 'mksuspend.sh &lt;luks_device&gt;'. This can be the short-name or the /dev/mapper/sdXn_crypt<br>
- Call /boot/suspend/suspend.sh<br><br>

After a few second delay, the host will suspend to RAM. When the host resumes, you will be prompted for the encryption passphrase on vty8. When entered, it will return to calling process.

## Process
This script performs the following actions:
- Builds a CHROOT target with the necessary executables and libraries to perform cryptsetup and suspend-to-RAM
- Copies dynamically-generated bash scripts into the CHROOT target folder
- Places handling scripts and hooks for lid-close ACPI events
- Configures logind default lid action to 'ignore'.
- Restarts ACPId to pick up the changes.

Behavior should function immediately after executing the script.

Commit message:

Prevent switching TTYs,
clear FS caches,
freeze all non-root processes during suspend (prevents applications from
making buffers dirty again, preventing the actual suspend)

README.md, after:

Auto-builder for a functional Ubuntu LuksSuspend-to-RAM method.

## Changes in this Fork
- Suspends (sends SIGSTOP) to processes that cannot keep their hands off the disk (e.g. chrome).

## Caveats
- Works as-written with XFS and BTRFS
- ext2, ext3, and ext4 filesystems must use the 'NOBARRIER' options
- The default options will create, write to, and chroot to /boot/suspend.

## Usage
- Run 'mksuspend.sh &lt;luks_device&gt;'. This can be the short-name or the /dev/mapper/sdXn_crypt<br>
- Call /boot/suspend/suspend.sh<br><br>

After a few second delay, the host will suspend to RAM. When the host resumes, you will be prompted for the encryption passphrase on vty8. When entered, it will return to calling process.

## Process
This script performs the following actions:
- Builds a CHROOT target with the necessary executables and libraries to perform cryptsetup and suspend-to-RAM
- Copies dynamically-generated bash scripts into the CHROOT target folder
- Places handling scripts and hooks for lid-close ACPI events
- Configures logind default lid action to 'ignore'.
- Restarts ACPId to pick up the changes.

Behavior should function immediately after executing the script.
